three four and five six my name is
Denise Adiemus my name is Nora Bagley
Connell
I'm Joanna Votto what inspired me to
become an RVT viper snake charmer is
just to pursue my dancing career and in
hopes to one day become a sober dancer
for the Spurs one two three four and
five when you all do that once really
present with your your head you're here
to great when the NBA d-league came down
to the Rio Grande Valley I was
approached by the president at the time
which was Ryan Murphy and he had heard
of my experience and what I had done and
thought that I would be the perfect
person to come in and really create this
team from the the name to the uniform to
the dances and just putting it all
together for them my role as a director
is to bring really have the best
entertainment out there for the fans to
create all of this from and it really
truly starts in having the girl me
there's 20 girls with different
personalities and and and it's trying to
bring all these girls together and and
really form them as a team so when
they're out there on the court they're
performing as one
how does it not miss with elite personal
training is our trainer and he pushes us
really hard he comes in every other week
two ways and just give us good eating
habits and what to workout on outside of
practice and just focus on cardio and he
always gives us a lot of extra
information just for us to overall have
the the look that the Vipers are looking
for we used to work out from 7:00 to
8:00 which is the first hour of practice
and after a workout we take a little
break and then we start on the dance of
the week or which is a routine now we
practice on that for the rest of the
practice which is two hours after that
from 8:00 to 10:00 our souls are pretty
intense and and I it's important for me
to keep them motivated and excited to be
there so you know we I just kind of
remind them about the well first of all
how many other people would love to be
in the position that they're in right
now okay some of you are coming here
some of you are keeping it here so we
said so let's just keep it here then
five six seven eight and one two keep it
there five six short big shoulders
the choreography certain girls were
selected to go to a pro dance which is a
dance convention in Houston we went this
past summer and that's where we get all
the very teens from what does it take to
be a snake-charmer it takes dedication
leadership integrity and basically the
overall package
at the same time it's very rewarding
because you get to go out into the
community and just see the kids and the
families and how they come together for
different events and just to see the
kids looks on their faces when they see
you they want to take pictures they want
to they want to just come say hi to you
just little things like that it's just
an amazing opportunity to to see the
community that way it's my passion and I
can't give it up